[DOC]  add examples for creates a Python Client use a listener_name (#15386)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-python.md

client.close()
```

> ### Use listener_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a Python client with multiple advertised listeners
```

To ensure clients in both internal and external networks can connect to a Pulsar cluster, Pulsar introduces [advertisedListeners](concepts-multiple-advertised-listeners.md).

> The following example creates a Python Client use a listener_name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a Python client using multiple advertised listeners:
```
